director
This is good
Dr. Law
Let me introduce you to Dr. Gao Mingyuan Gao
Dr. Turtle
Surgical Hand
He's going to do this operation.
Didn't you agree that I would do the surgery?
Dean Dr. Luo
Is the difficulty of this surgery hot?
What about Dr. Gao?
He is the dean
What are you talking about with him?
From that small place
What kind of great doctor can there be?
Like you
You want to have a successful surgery.
Open your famous clothes
I've seen a lot.
However, I still want to advise you
Without this strength
Just don't do that.
So high not far
What does that mean?
Okay, Dr. Luo
Why don't you borrow a doctor to arrange the surgery?
Humph
Who do you love arranges who arranges
I won't do this surgery, hey, hey
Sister Luoying, Sister Luoying, what are you doing?
My dad's surgery
Sorry sir
That hospital arranged for other doctors to be taken away by you
It's okay, it's all the same.
Senior sister, few people can do this surgery
If you can't
Who else can do it?
What a big breath
Luoyang
Isn't it just one surgery?
You are not capable enough
I'm doing it for your own good.
Don't talk nonsense to the patient's family
I don't want you to arrange another doctor
Operating on my father
I'm going to fall into Yingjie
Are you a family member of the patient?
This Doctor Gao is an expert in this field
Come and sign
Oops, now anyone can call themselves an expert
What if he can't?